Hey there champ it's Bruno again.
Listen our developers are getting frustrated with the local devolvement.
They always have to set up the server then run the postscripts database and make sure that their users
in the database that they can task.
And it's really slowing us down in our development.
I heard you know how to use daquiri though.
Can you set up our backend so that it uses docker this way with one command we can run all of our back
end services at once.
It will make our lives so much easier.
Everybody would really appreciate it.
Thanks as always.
By the way Nice sunglasses.
Here we go again docker is an intimidating topic at first.
However using containers which is what docker allows you to do has changed the landscape of how some
of the biggest tech companies are working today.
In this section we're going to create our own containers and finally learn the powers of docker.
I guarantee you that you will be blown away by its bar by the end of it.
So let's get started.
Oh my.